feat(guide): Collection of Custom Formats - Audio Formats - Improve description (#1850)
TRaSH-Guides/Guides: includes/cf-descriptions/atmos-undefined.md

**ATMOS (undefined)**<br>

> Handles cases where only Atmos is specified in title but not DD+ or TrueHD (Where it is not specified if it is Lossy or Lossless)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This custom format covers cases where _ONLY_ "Atmos" is specified in the release title, without noting DD+ (Lossy) or TrueHD (Lossless).

!!! note

>     Give this the same score as Lossy Atmos, and then on import, it will get changed to either lossy or lossless based on mediainfo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Apply the same score as Lossy (DD+) Atmos. On import, it will be updated to reflect either lossy or lossless based on the media's info using ffprobe.
```
